hey guys welcome back Chris again just
showing you another bill that I'm doing
this one's actually for a friend I'll
run through the parts with the end
everything and show you the complete
products when it's actually built will
start for the case we've got the cooler
master 69 tube or revision 2 or the 692
however you want to say and inside that
we're using a hey 77 pro for MVP asrock
motherboard and we're using the haight
77 chipset because again we're using in
a non k series cpu so it's it's lot as
far as a multiply go so you might be
doing any overclocking from the
multiplier and also got a loose HD 7870
with the direct CU 2 color on there so
i'll be doing an unboxing and
benchmarking review on that as well so
if you want to check that out or have
that up there later on to what else we
go we're running the operating system
off of an Intel 330 series 60 gig SSD
we've got eight gig of ripjaws ram in
there this is just ddr 1333 stuff also
got a western digital caviar black that
we'll be using as well for his storage
it's running off a cooler master extreme
power 700 watt psu it's a bit a blu-ray
player gone in there we've just got a
small thermaltake cpu cooler in there
just to help it call it down and make it
look nice and i'm going to be busy so
i'm going to get started and we'll show
you the finished products when i'm done
alright so there we have the finished
product i'm installing windows now so
I've got that running at the moment but
as you can see you've got ya your 7870
sitting there underneath there's your
3450 just an iphone quad-core clocked at
3.1 gigahertz turbos up to 3.5 you get 8
gigabyte of ram of g.skill its ddr3 it's
actually 1600 megahertz stuff that the
stuff that i put in their wireless
network adapter as well and you hate 77
motherboard and
that's all using that 700 watt psu so
I'll just take in for a closer look so
you can see some of the detail there I
do like these loose graphics cards I
think they look nice unfortunately
cables that come with the the cooler
master psu huh aren't the nicest looking
as you can see but this doesn't actually
have a clear side so it's not hopefully
not going to be too much of an issue
there's a little bit of mesh there so
you can see the cpu cooler and a little
bit of the the graphics card but other
than that you shouldn't be able to see
any of the cables in it down here i'm
sure did tidy up but me it's just those
ugly colors there that you can't really
get rid of fun there we go finished
product thanks very much for watching